[GLOSSARY] proof of work (#439)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary.md

Read more: [BIP 84 derivation scheme for P2WPKH based accounts](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-84-derivation-scheme-for-p2wpkh-based-accounts)
:::

:::details
### Proof of Work (POW)

> A Bitcoin block is only valid if its hash is below a certain difficulty target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the requirements for a Bitcoin block to be valid is its hash should be below a certain difficulty target.
```

> A Bitcoin block is only valid if the hash of it is below a certain difficulty target.

Reviewer 2: A Bitcoin block is only valid if its hash is below a certain difficulty target.

Author: ```suggestion
A Bitcoin block is only valid if its hash is below a certain difficulty target.
```

FYI, you can suggest an edit which I can easily commit by clicking this button, and then editing the text.

![screenshot_20191222_190228](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30683012/71325469-b45c0500-24ed-11ea-8462-cb9d9b7c7f98.png)

Reviewer 2: Sorry Max, I didn't know about that. Too late, I guess :) Thanks!

> In order to create a valid block, a miner must thus repeatedly hash a candidate block with changing nonce until by sheer luck he finds a hash with low value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create a valid block, a miner must repeatedly hash a candidate block with a changing nonce until by sheer luck he finds a hash with low value.
```

> By providing this pre-image block and hash, anyone can verify the amount of computational energy that a miner on average should have invested in order to find this block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By providing this pre-image block, anyone can verify the amount of computational energy that a miner on average should have invested in order to find this block.
```

> By providing this pre-image block, anyone can verify the amount of computational energy that a miner on average should have invested in order to find this block.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add `and this is what is known as Proof of Work`

Author: ```suggestion
By providing this pre-image block, anyone can verify the amount of computational energy that a miner on average should have invested in order to find this block, and this is what is known as Proof of Work.
```
